hiya this is Jamie acclimate again okay
so you were in a very unaccustomed
situation of being closed up on me I'm
not overly comfortable about it um but
this is because I am as of today
starting a treatment called for niqua
and as you can see I'm pretty fairly
heavily plucked because that's what I do
ah I used my epilator and I plaque so I
have today decided having read
everything about the niqua organic quoi
VA n IQ a banquet which is a hair
reduction cream could do some bloody
wrinkle reduction bloody heroic action
but it is meant to retard hair on the
face ah I have experience with Bennett
quoi and it was bad it was bloody bad
but I tried it when I wasn't taking any
hormones Oh
and obviously now I'm taking a fairly
hefty dose of hormones on a regular
basis and I understand that it may work
better when I'm on the hormones so my
doctor has prescribed this stuff for me
I'm scared on two counts one is that it
may screw up my face
I me like lumps and pustules and
cysts sort of you know I'm under under
under surface cysts which is what pretty
much happened to me last time
um and I'm scared on the other hand is
that it might actually screw my hair up
so given that I want to get rid of the
hair there and the hair that
particularly taking notes will area that
I'm going to start trying this stuff but
I'm going to restrict it entirely to
there and then I'm not going to restrict
it to there the undersides not being
done the underside is just going to be
it's just going to be tweezed as it
currently is what else I am going to
take very thorough care to prevent any
cross-contamination of the face to the
hair because I believe that's possibly
what some people have done in the past
because contamination of the product
into the hair will obviously kill it so
I the last thing I want is for my hair
which has recovered quite a bit to start
going into yeah it into loss again um
that I couldn't deal with and that
really I could not deal with that's not
an acceptable outcome it's bad enough as
it is so what I do need to do as I can
see from this video is diamond hair as
well so I wasn't even looking like gray
ghost or something which is scary right
okay take care of yourself